Expand AuthOptions with AuthenticationContext.Options (#28)
Azure/ms-rest-browserauth: Changelog.md

## 0.1.5 - 2020-04-21

> Allows more options to be passed to the AuthManager, which enables the authentication with a popup instead of requiring redirects.

Reviewer: The changelog should specify what are the new options that can now be passed which helps with the pop up

> Allows more options to be passed to the AuthManager, which enables the authentication with a popup instead of requiring redirects.

Author: ```suggestion
Allowing `popUp`(boolean) option to be passed to the AuthManager, setting this option to true enables login in a popup window instead of a full redirect. The default value is `false`.
```

> Allowing `popUp`(boolean) option to be passed to the AuthManager, setting this option to true enables login in a popup window instead of a full redirect. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow `popUp`(boolean) option to be passed to the AuthManager. Setting this option to true enables login through a popup window instead of a full redirect. The default value is `false`.
```

[PR 28](https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-browserauth/pull/28)

> 

Reviewer: Lets add empty changelog entries for the releases after 1.1.0 so that it doesnt look like we jumped 5 patch updates

> 

Author: ```suggestion

## 0.1.4 - 2019-04-05

## 0.1.3 - 2018-12-17

## 0.1.2 - 2018-11-28

## 0.1.1 - 2018-10-05

```
